== About Spark

Spark is a project management portal designed to help projects of all sizes
write software quickly and efficiently.  It is designed to make managing
software projects easier and faster, and also to encourage best practices
across all members of the team.

The goal for Spark is to handle six major 'facets' of software development:

[Release management]
  * Define and track projects, versions, and milestones
  * Identify trends to aide in future scheduling
  * Provide a high-level view of completion.
[Requirements management]
  * Track, read, and modify user stories and requirements from anywhere.
  * Track which members of the team are developing each story / requirement.
[Documentation]
  * Read and modify documentation, both for developers and end users.
[Issue tracking]
  * Track issues on projects down to the version, milestone, or even
    requirement level.
[File downloads]
  * Allow users to download files tied to a specific project and/or version.
  * Provide multiple types of the same file and allow the user to choose (or,
    optionally, using browser characteristics like Accept: and User-Agent:).
[Discussion]
  * Communicate with team members, testers, and the user community.

== Why Spark?

Spark is designed from the ground up to have a customisable UI, voting on issues
and requirements, extremely granular authentication, and mobile device support.
It also features a JSON and XML API (both still in development) so you can write
your own apps against Spark.

Also, there are very few open-source requirements management software, and the
ones that are on the market today are not designed for today's Agile development
methods.  Spark will get out of your way when you want it to, and keep you on
track when you need it to.

== Installation

Right now, the core of Spark only supports authentication against LDAP.  A
database authentication backend is planned for a future release.  Installation
is fairly simple; install Spark somewhere, then edit a few settings ( either in
the Rails console, or in file:config/initializers/setting_defaults.rb ).
